hello everyone today we're going to be
talking about the osce oscillator for
the touch osc for the iphone ipod touch
and ipad OC oscillator is a program that
it uses that it receives the OSC touches
inputs MIDI inputs and kind of like
transfer it to a DJ mixing program onto
your computer in this case we're going
to be using Serato Scratch Live alright
so just a simple way to get started you
want to open up a new kind of like a
mini map document you're going to
designate a input port 8000 or any other
number you want just has to match that
of the phone and I'll leave this default
here as its default and you don't have
to worry about these options here there
are not really applicable to what we're
trying to do here today alright so the
next thing you want to do is open up
your touch OSC on your iPhone here or
iPod Touch whatever you have and you're
gonna make sure that it's sharing the
same network alright it's not gonna have
the network name of the Wi-Fi per se
just the computer that you're trying to
connect to all right so another thing
you want to do is make sure that you
have the layout here that you're trying
to set up and of course you want your
outgoing port 8000 to match the input
port to 8000 as well alright and it's
also going to say found hosts here
that's how you gonna find the computer
trying to connect to alright so this is
a layout here that want to set up today
it's my Serato Scratch Live layout and
first thing you're going to do is you're
going to activate each of these buttons
all right so we're going to do that one
by one
and now you can see that a list has been
created designating all of the new
controls that has just received now just
to try to get through the first half of
this real quick we're going to highlight
all of these and we're going to set it
to the same event type just MIDI CC I'm
assuming that that is continuous control
constant control Chinese check whatever
now these values this is going to be the
most tedious part of setting this up
you're going to need to set these to
each individual number and as of right
now I have not found a quicker name a
quicker way to do that and so I'm just
going to fast-forward through this part
well basically what you're trying to do
just assign a bit individual number to
each individual function if you fail to
do that say for example just have two
zeros for you know for this for two
different functions if you're triage it
may be channel one and you designated
that for cross fader one and two that
cross fader one on to on to your touch
osc s and just manipulate the cross
fader one on the Serato Scratch Live
alright so here we go real quickly
or in that one ping name there doesn't
need to be excited of value it's just uh
just kind of like that's a signal that
it receives from the phone all right
so you want to save this so you won't
have to do this again let's just call
this serrata layout we'll just put two
there since I have the same thing same
kind of file name alright so you can see
that's been saved to my desktop alright
now the next thing you wanted to do is
to go to your DJing program in this case
we used to write a scratch live gonna
click on MIDI and now you can see your
cursor has turned into an indicator to
tell you what you can manipulate through
MIDI controls all right so you can see
most of these are green and telling you
that I've already assigned most of these
but I'm just gonna go through it over
again just to show you how to do it all
right so I click that it unassigned the
MIDI input and now I'm going to put a
new input there we go turns green and
now recognizes that crossfader 1 will
manipulate cross fader 1 or pitch
adjusts excuse me for track 1 let's do
the same thing for track 2 not assign
move it there you go as a sign that as
well and now you can do that for each
individual thing now the functions that
I use most for Serato Scratch Live is a
play button of course now you have your
cue points you're in outs loops and
pitch bends but you can also assign many
other things here like to this is the
sensor button here the eject button loop
you know this is to keep the key
constant and also surround Oh scratch
live allows you to set many points for
manipulating the libraries you can even
scroll through the library using your
phone alright so there's no real limits
on what Serato Scratch I will keep you
from doing through MIDI inputs here and
also knowing that you can create you
know 4
interesting layouts here but you don't
want to you know shove a whole bunch of
functions here on the phone you want to
keep it as simple as possible that's why
touch osc offers different pages here
this page here I was going to sign it to
I'm scrolling through the library here
and page 3 was going to manipulate the
effects alright but I'm not going to go
through all the details here on Serato
Scratch Live I'm going to save that for
another video and I hope this video
helps you on creating a real interesting
layouts here and as always stay tuned -
while Saturn Tabas tumblr comm for all
your DJ ease